Adding watcher documentation and parameters (#58)
otterize/docs: docs/reference/configuration/network-mapper/README.mdx

## How does the network mapper work?

### Components

> - Mapper - the mapper is deployed once, and resolves service names using the Kubernetes API with traffic information reported by the sniffers and watchers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mapper - the mapper is deployed once per cluster, and receives traffic information from the sniffer and watchers, and resolves the information to communications between (service identities)[/service-identities].
```

- Sniffer - the sniffer is deployed to each node using a DaemonSet, and is responsible for capturing node-local DNS traffic and inspecting open connections.

> - Kafka watcher (**experimental**) - the Kafka watcher is deployed once (when enabled) and is responsible for capturing Kafka topic level access connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kafka watcher (**experimental**) - the Kafka watcher is deployed once per cluster and is responsible for detecting accesses to Kafka topics, which services perform those accesses and which operations they use.
```

> - Istio watcher (**experimental**) - the Istio watcher is deployed once (when enabled) and is responsible for capturing HTTP specific connections that are happening within the Istio service mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Istio watcher (**experimental**) - the Istio watcher is deployed once per cluster and queries Istio Envoy sidecars for HTTP traffic statistics, which are used to detect HTTP traffic with paths.
```

### Active TCP connections
DNS responses will only appear when new connections are opened. To handle long-lived connections, the network mapper also queries open TCP connections in a manner similar to `netstat` or `ss`. The IP addresses are used for the [service identity resolving process](/reference/service-identities), as above.

### Kafka logs
TBD

### Istio sidecar metrics
TBD

> 

Author: Should I add these sections ?

### Active TCP connections
DNS responses will only appear when new connections are opened. To handle long-lived connections, the network mapper also queries open TCP connections in a manner similar to `netstat` or `ss`. The IP addresses are used for the [service identity resolving process](/reference/service-identities), as above.

### Kafka logs

> the Kafka watcher periodically examines logs of kafka servers provided by the user, parses them and deduces topic-level access to Kafka from pods in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kafka watcher periodically examines logs of Kafka servers provided by the user through configuration, parses them and deduces topic-level access to Kafka from pods in the cluster.
```
